Adding permissions in backplane for CEE to support ACS:CS (#2153)
openshift/managed-cluster-config: docs/backplane/requirements/cee/40-backplane-cee.md

# *CEE* for *OSD/ROSA*
label selectors:

- managed=true (implied)

These permissions allow CEE to view details required to support managed clusters. 

> ## openshift-backplane-cee: `(^kube$|^kube-.*|^openshift$|^openshift-.*|^default$|^redhat-.*|^rhacs$|^rhacs-*)`
> 
> These permissions are at cluster scope:
> 
> Using dedicated-readers role CEE will be able to:
> 
> get 
> list
> watch
> 
> resources under the mentioned namespaces. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## backplane-readers-cluster: `cluster`

Existing role, permission to view select resources at cluster scope.

## backplane-cee-readers-cluster: `cluster`

* view machine configurations
* view machines
* view api request counts
* view egress ips

## openshift-backplane-cee: `(^kube$|^kube-.*|^openshift$|^openshift-.*|^default$|^redhat-.*|^rhacs$|^rhacs-*)`

* view resources in namespaces using `dedicated-readers` role
```
